more principle not
I almost did not play
I liked it very much but
to draw the lessons they propose
mentions and the idea
I always liked them, the date is not
I did not want the votes
the Colombian hector palma began to like
till the date
supports after the company throw more earn
I concentrated more than I was doing
wall street I really like how and where he hit the ball
he has turned us around with good passes
I have grown a lot
that's why the mossad
I was four years old
hawthorn
and it is that he has terror
I did not have a job
and I hope I can stop him for keeping him busy
and to grow on the street
because I wanted to go out on the street he would not let me
and started at age four and not
prince bombard
and at 7 this one we measure it to a team that fights it pertinence and with it
moria casán topics historical interest made in those was a day to take out com
champion scorer
Count called him more attention and did not want in this section
as a child of five
began to take my cousin together to a fall
we did it little by little
Saturday by martínez inspection personnel
it was unpleasant for them
he was already consolidated captain
better players
not captain but the owner
add the best
but unfortunately
very nice and I say in all my colleagues to mention
the stadium a
Many people
in his flight
ahead of the people